Hello.
Welcome to this module about the acceptance testing.
We are in front of a truly important step,
the one when we bring our software to face the needs of the end user.
We have to see if we satisfied the expectations of the customers
and eventually to make the needed adjustments.
This is our objective for this module.
Let's dive into it.
This module will focus on showing what acceptance testing means,
how to make the step towards satisfying the needs of
the business and of the end user.
First, we'll define and motivate the acceptance testing.
We'll explain what gives business value to the software and what
adds this business value to the application.
We'll emphasize the importance of communication within a project and
how this happens when introducing a new feature.
Then we'll make the step from requirements analysis to accept this criteria.
We'll move back to our flights management application and
we'll look at the position of the customer.
We'll introduce Cucumber as tool for the implementation of acceptance tests.
We'll define features and we'll define acceptance criteria for them.
Finally, we'll follow the same steps in order to add new functionality.
So what is acceptance testing?
Acceptance testing is a level of software testing where a
system is tested for acceptability.
The purpose of this test is to evaluate the system's
compliance with the business requirements and assess
whether it is acceptable for delivery.
Once system testing is complete,
acceptance testing is performed so as to confirm that the software
is ready to be made available to the end users.
A natural question that arises is what gives business value to the software?
Uncertainty about requirements is a major challenge in many software projects.
What provides business value to the software are the working features.
A feature is a tangible deliverable piece of functionality that
helps the business to achieve its business goals.
Our demo is using the flights management company.
One of the business goals may be satisfy customers by providing a simple
and convenient way for them to manage their flights.
Some features that might help achieve this goal could be choose a flight,
change a flight, or choose a seat into the plane.
The communication between the person that are involved into the same
project may bring to problems and misunderstandings.
Usually, the flow works this way.
The customer tells a business analyst how some new feature must work.
The business analyst translates the customer's request into a set of
requirements for the developers describing what the software should do.
The developer translates the requirements into code and
tests in order to implement the new feature.
The tester translates the requirements into test cases and uses them to
verify that the new feature meets the requirements.
There are many opportunities for information to be lost,
be misunderstood, or be ignored.
Chances are that the new model itself may not do
exactly what has been initially required.
In order to address the business goals,
the business analyst works with the customer to decide what
software features will be able to achieve these goals.
These features are high-level requirements, eg.
provide the way for a customer to choose the optimal root to a destination.
These features need to be broken into stories.
The stories might look like this.
Find the root between stories and destination with the
smallest number of flights changes or find the quickest
root within source and destination.
Stories need to be described in terms of concrete examples,
these ones becoming the acceptance criteria for the story.
Acceptance criteria may be expressed in a way that can be automated later.
The key words are given, when, then.
As an example, we may present the following.
Given the flights operated by company X,
when I want to find the quickest route from Bucharest to New York on May 15,
2010,
then I will be provided the route Bucharest - Frankfurt- New York having a given duration.